why social media marketing doesn't work
for most people it doesn't matter if it
is facebook or instagram or linkedin or
even twitter social media marketing just
doesn't work at least for most people
and no it's not because you don't have
enough followers instead it doesn't work
because you only focus on getting more
followers
see
that's the issue let's say you want a
million followers if you want lots of
followers you have to create content
that appeals to the masses for example
i'm in digital marketing that's a
vertical i'm in i own a digital
marketing agency called np digital
and i can start to create more generic
content and my follower account will
rise faster which is funny because
that's what my social media team keeps
telling me to do
but i don't why because yes it'll get us
more followers faster but every time we
do that
you can guess how many more clients we
get or even leads
it gets us a whopping
zero extra leads clients and revenue
and i've tested this out hundreds of
times literally some of my most popular
content pieces i've created have been
around livestock marketing such as
spending money on fancy clothes or what
i learned from buying first class on
over 100 trips and i'm not saying you
should fly first class there's nothing
wrong with economy it creates buzz but
it doesn't convince our ideal customers
to work with us
on the flip side if i give seo tips or
marketing tips you know what happens i
get way less views i get way less likes
on my content but
people who watch my content are
interested in seo and a personal people
eventually convert into leads and some
even in customers in other words yes you
need followers to make social media
marketing work for you and of course you
need great content
but the big mistake that people make is
that they create content that focuses on
the masses so they can boost this vanity
metric aka follower account instead of
focusing on creating content that
targets their ideal customer so with
your social media marketing focus on
your ideal customer and not on everyone
that's how you make it work
if you're struggling with your social
media marketing and need help check out
my ad agency np digital where we help
companies grow their social following
and more importantly generate leads
sales and revenue from their social
media accounts
or if you just have any questions leave
a comment below i'm here to help if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching